# quickstart-clickstream-analytics-ct
## Clickstream Analytics Platform on the AWS Cloud

This Quick Start deploys a clickstream analytics foundation platform that integrates Amazon Web Services (AWS) services such as Amazon Kinesis Firehose, Amazon Kinesis Analytics, Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3), Amazon Elasticsearch, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon QuickSight.

The clickstream analytics platform uses these AWS services to provide capabilities such as collecting, analysing and reporting aggregate data about which pages a website visitor visits and in what order. The path a visitor takes through a website is called clickstream. Once this platform is in place, you can use it to ingest, analyse and generate valuable business insights from clickstream data generated by your own websites.

The deployment also includes optional sample datasets that are loaded into Amazon Redshift – one dataset from Google Analytics for a website’s traffic and another one with clickstream data for January 2015 released by Wikipedia. One can choose to connect to your data in Redshift, analyse and share your data visualization reports and dashboards with Amazon QuickSight.

The AWS CloudFormation templates included with the Quick Start automates the following:

- Deploying the clickstream analytics platform into a new virtual private cloud (VPC)
- Deploying the clickstream analytics platform into an existing VPC in your AWS account

This reference architecture is automated by AWS CloudFormation templates that you can customize to meet your specific requirements.

For architectural details, best practices, step-by-step instructions, and customization options, see the deployment guide.

To post feedback, submit feature ideas, or report bugs, use the **Issues** section of this GitHub repo.
If you'd like to submit code for this Quick Start, please review the [AWS Quick Start Contributor's Kit](https://aws-quickstart.github.io/). 
